Update "errors" doc with the retry info (#6926)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/errors.md

1. The page you use as your `redirectUri` is removing or manipulating the hash
1. The page you use as your `redirectUri` is automatically navigating to a different page

> 1. You are being throttled by your identity provider. Never implement an endless retry mechanism or perform an immediate retry more than once. Attempt to retry non-network error always yields the same result. Identity provider throttles clients that make too many token requests in a short period of time. See [throttling guide](#Throttling) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You are being throttled by your identity provider. The identity provider may throttle clients that make too many similar requests in a short period of time. Never implement an endless retry mechanism or retry more than once. Attempts to retry non-network errors typically yield the same result.  See [throttling guide](#Throttling) for more details.
```
